README.md, before:

# @rdfjs-elements

Custom elements wrapping RDF/JS libraries

## Components

| Component | Package |  | Description |
| -- | -- | -- | -- |
| [`rdf‑editor`](packages/rdf-editor) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/rdf-editor.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rdfjs-elements/rdf-editor) | [API/Demo](https://zazuko.github.io/rdfjs-elements/rdf-editor) | Text editor with code highlighting which uses RDF/JS parsers and serializers |
| [`rdf‑snippet`](packages/rdf-snippet) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/rdf-snippet.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rdfjs-elements/rdf-snippet)| [API/Demo](https://zazuko.github.io/rdfjs-elements/rdf-snippet) | Snippet viewer with ability to switch between RDF representations |

## Other packages

| Package | | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |
| [`@rdfjs-elements/editor-base`](packages/editor-base) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/editor-base.svg)](https://npm.im/@rdfjs-elements/editor-base) | Base class for editor elements |
| [`@rdfjs-elements/formats-pretty`](packages/formats) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/formats-pretty.svg)](https://npm.im/@rdfjs-elements/formats-pretty) | [`@rdfjs/formats-common`](https://npm.im/@rdfjs/formats-common) with serializers configured to do pretty-printing  |
| [`@rdfjs-elements/testing`](packages/testing-helpers) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/testing.svg)](https://npm.im/@rdfjs-elements/testing) | A [es-dev-server plugin](https://github.com/open-wc/es-dev-server) which serves stubs of node stream modules |

Commit message:

docs: readme entry or sparql-editor

README.md, after:

# @rdfjs-elements

Custom elements wrapping RDF/JS libraries

## Components

| Component | Package |  | Description |
| -- | -- | -- | -- |
| [`rdf‑editor`](packages/rdf-editor) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/rdf-editor.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rdfjs-elements/rdf-editor) | [API/Demo](https://zazuko.github.io/rdfjs-elements/rdf-editor) | Text editor with code highlighting which uses RDF/JS parsers and serializers |
| [`rdf‑snippet`](packages/rdf-snippet) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/rdf-snippet.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rdfjs-elements/rdf-snippet)| [API/Demo](https://zazuko.github.io/rdfjs-elements/rdf-snippet) | Snippet viewer with ability to switch between RDF representations |
| [`sparql‑editor`](packages/sparql-editor) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/sparql‑editor.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@rdfjs-elements/sparql‑editor)| [API/Demo](https://zazuko.github.io/rdfjs-elements/sparql‑editor) | Text editor for SPARQL |

## Other packages

| Package | | Description |
| -- | -- | -- |
| [`@rdfjs-elements/editor-base`](packages/editor-base) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/editor-base.svg)](https://npm.im/@rdfjs-elements/editor-base) | Base class for editor elements |
| [`@rdfjs-elements/formats-pretty`](packages/formats) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/formats-pretty.svg)](https://npm.im/@rdfjs-elements/formats-pretty) | [`@rdfjs/formats-common`](https://npm.im/@rdfjs/formats-common) with serializers configured to do pretty-printing  |
| [`@rdfjs-elements/testing`](packages/testing-helpers) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@rdfjs-elements/testing.svg)](https://npm.im/@rdfjs-elements/testing) | A [es-dev-server plugin](https://github.com/open-wc/es-dev-server) which serves stubs of node stream modules |
